Do you remember like when you first started out there was like a way you thought
you had to be?
Yeah.
You know,
when did you do anything like cringy that you look back on now and you go,
what was I doing back then?
I made,
I used to come out like I used to dance a lot.
I was the Hickory dance machine,
hickory dance machine.
I would come out dancing really across line.
Okay.
All I interviewed here,
what kind of music?
Whatever was popular,
you know,
something from jock jams volume to,
snap.
I got the power.
Oh,
I got the,
again,
it's getting kind of hectic.
So I'd come out dancing,
I made up the stupid little a,
I'd do a shovel dance or rake dance,
a mob dance,
and then I would stop and do to comedy and then I would get bored with myself
and then I dance to get in the middle.
This is what I was featuring.
And then that would dance again at the end.
Hickory dance machine.
My favorite one though,
this was,
I'm actually proud of this dance.
It was any guy washing women's laundry in the 18 hundreds dance.
It's a very specific,
a guy won't look at you.
Oh,
turn it off.
So he smells it.
Oh,
that's before the beard.
Look at those chins.
Look at that baby phase.
How long were you back then?
Oh,
this was a week ago,
I think now.
Cute cancer.
This is like pretty much sure.
Russia,
that's the theater in,
uh,
right outside of Hickory.
Placed it in a little nowhere.
I was like 700 people.
Wow.
Yeah.
Out of shape right there.